---
title: "Miss me?"
date: 2010-06-30
slug: miss-me
excerpt: "Thought of the Day… I think we dream so we don’t have to be apart so long. If we’re in"
categories: ["Life"]
tags: ["Hubby","Vacation"]
author: Stef
published: true
---
Thought of the Day… _I think we dream so we don’t have to be apart so long. If we’re in each other’s dreams, we can play together all night. ~Bill Watterson, “Calvin & Hobbes”_

It’s been almost a week since my last post… Have you missed me? Did you even notice I was “gone”?

I’m sorry for dropping off the planet! As you may recall, life at work for the last four weeks has been nuts. If you are a new reader and haven’t caught up yet, I worked 90+ a week for over four weeks. I was exhausted and am supposed to be taking about two weeks off from work. I’m still trying to get caught up on sleep and am spending time with _Hubby_ and _The Offspring_. We’re spending a lot of time together and as such I’m neglecting you. Sorry! Sort of… time with them is special and to be honest it’s been really nice. I’ve also see a few friends and family… oh the number of people I’ve neglected… 🙁

Did you notice the new menu bar? I’m still working on it, so it’s not done yet. What do you think?

I just checked the Google Analytics for my blog and I was VERY VERY pleased to see that since I last wrote (Jun 24) I have had 54 visitors, 22 of which were unique visitors. Of that 54, 9 were from NEW visitors! That may not seem like much, but since my blog is still fairly new I’m quite happy. THANK YOU for stopping by even when I’ve been away.

I have several things I want to post.. including photos, recipes, garden updates FlyBaby BabySteps updates and general babbling. Oh yeah… and some cookbook discussions… I have bought four new cookbooks in the last few weeks and would like to share with you what I have discovered (well, actually they’re used cookbooks I found at a local bookstore)

What would you like me to talk about first?

WOW! I’ve asked you a lot of questions today… sorry! Let’s recap…

1.  Have you missed me?
2.  Did you even notice I was “gone”?
3.  Did you notice the new menu bar?
4.  What would you like me to talk about first? (photos, recipes, garden updates FlyBaby BabySteps updates, general babbling or some cookbooks or something else?

Don’t forget to leave a comment and let me know what you’d like to read.

P.S. Thanks for stopping by!